Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
I got an idea. What? First one to miss, watches a winner, eat two Big Macs?
Hey, can I play?
No.
Pull the Grand Canyon off your face, through the window, off the floor, nothing but net.
Watch this shot.
Hey, can I play?
No!
Out the hatch, over the beach, through the window, off the scoreboard, nothing but net.
Please! Ready? Please? Go!
I am hungry. What do you say about your Big Mac?
I'll buy. No, I'll buy.
Well, you can see who buys. Nothing but net.
I can make that.
It's an extra tri-glycerides.
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine that speaks your language?
Now, from the only network for kids,
let's get a grown-up to call 1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain.
Learn the most annoying car songs.
Search through the world's messiest bedroom and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100 for six colorful side-splitting issues of Nickelodeon magazine,
each with a comic book inside.
It's $9.97 and only grown-up should call, so...
So write it down and tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, Dad.
Welcome back to the creation space.
This awesome location is where we kids find all the tasty ingredients for Dan and Sprinklin.
Creamy yogurt with rainbow sprinkles.
There's the cherry picker and strawberry banana with such appeal.
But what makes Sprinklin's rain supreme?
Brinkles!
You can make the wildest taste you ever put in your face.
Dan and Sprinklin's the only yogurt snack in the Sprinkles Pack.
Where's your creation station, Mystery Maze, with special decoder?
There's one free inside specially marked packages of Sprinklins.
You can collect all six to play one giant maze.
Has it got huge, new zones?
Yeah!
It's like the biggest Sonic 2.
New Sonic 3 is now available.
Out of store near you.
New Sonic 3 Game Card Regent, Sega Genesis sold separately.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick...
A Snicket.
Snicks there. Snicks here.
It's sneaking out.
Saturday night, Nickelodeon.
It's sick.
Snick!
And you can snick.
It's time to snick.
Now!
I don't know exactly when it happened, but it seems like one day I woke up and I had an opinion about everything.
Like what flavor ice cream goes with double fudge almond nut cake and exactly how loud to play the new nine-inch nail song.
Not to mention how much money the U.S. ought to give Boris Yeltsin.
So I've been thinking about how cool it would be to be a professional opinion giver.
First, I thought I could be a fortune teller.
What do you see, Madam Clarissa?
You have a husband named Marshall, a son named Ferguson, and you work in the Children's Museum.
Any other questions?
Yeah.
Can I have my money back?
Then I thought being a famous guru would be interesting.
What can you tell me?
Oh, I was one.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Is that all?
And you look better in blue.
Of course, if I were a bartender, I could give advice that was a little more down-to-earth.
And then she left me.
She just waltzed out the door.
No goodbye.
No nothing.
What'll I do?
Well, you might try paying your tab and then how about going home?
But then I had a surefire way to get my opinions out there.
An advice column.
Right where everyone can see it in the Thomas Tupper Time.
Hey, on the editor, right?
Now all I need is a pen name.
I've always liked the name Alice, as in Alice B. Tuckless literary sidekick.
That's it!
And Landers move over.
Alice B. Talking has arrived.
I introduced Alice B. Talking to the Thomas Tupper Times readership.
The response has been great.
A little on the silly side, but hey.
Hey, Alice.
Sam, my name's Clarissa.
You could have fooled me, Alice, but you didn't.
Okay.
How'd you guess?
Clarissa, I know your style.
Who else would actually answer a letter from a guy who thinks he's a vampire?
Yeah, that was a good one.
Dear Mr. Dracula, have you ever considered becoming a vegetarian?
I hear they have a soybean blood substitute that's just as tasty as the real thing.
Pretty funny, Clarissa.
Thanks.
This column is the biggest thing at Thomas Tupper.
Everybody's talking about it.
Well, giving people advice is really fun.
Yeah, the last person I gave advice to just won the Ditzberger Prize for sportswriting.
Your dad? Really? That's great!
Yeah, he was gonna write about the Rhode Island Tiddlywinks Championships,
but I convinced him that the Super Bowl might have a wider appeal.
Good thinking, Sam. I'll call you if I need anything.
Anytime. See you later.
Alice.
Bye, Sam.
Now, where was I?
Dear Alice, my boyfriend wants me to get a nose ring made of stainless steel,
but I want one of tempered brass.
What should I do?
Well, that's a deeply philosophical question if ever I heard one.
Boy, I love this job.
Now, I personally don't see anything wrong with either one of these.
They're very imaginative, Marshal.
Then why won't she accept any of my designs?
Well, maybe what Mrs. Fartle was with the Adopt-a-Pet Center
is something more practical.
They all are practical.
Now, look at this.
Every time somebody adopts a pet, the tail wax.
I don't know about that. Yeah, that's pretty public.
I love that, Dad. It's great.
Yeah, well, I wish Mrs. Fartle didn't,
and maybe I'd get a decent night's sleep for a change.
Marshal, honey, I feel bad that I hooked you up with this thing.
I mean, you were nice enough to do the work for nothing after all.
What?
Well, I want to contribute, but I got to tell you,
sometimes I get the feeling the only thing that I'm really doing
is stroking Mrs. Fartle's oversized ego.
Did you say for nothing?
For the new Adopt-a-Pet Center, Ferguson.
Yeah, so?
So, you know, they're a little low on funds.
I'm doing this work pro bono.
Pro bono?
You mean as opposed to share bono?
Get it? Share bono? Pro bono?
Pro bono means for free, Ferguson.
And her name isn't share bono, it's share.
Uh-huh, so let me get this straight.
You do the work.
That's right.
And you don't get paid?
Well, there are compensations other than money, Ferguson.
Really?
Oh, like what?
Oh, you know, like the good feeling you get
when you do some work for a worthy cause.
But you still don't get paid.
You know, that's the point, Ferguson.
Now, you know, I'm going to explain this later.
My son is charitably challenged.
I'm going back to the salt mines.
Good luck, Marshall.
I'll make you some extra strong ginseng tea
and bring it in.
Thanks.
Come on, boy.
Pretty funny line, huh?
Pro bono? Share bono? Yeah?
I'm laughing on the inside.
You thought it was amusing, Ferguson?
Thanks, Mom.
When I'm rich and famous and I have my own TV series,
I won't forget those that stood behind me
in my lean years and those that didn't.
Your own TV series?
You mean besides America's least wanted?
Pretty funny, sis.
But not funny enough for the big time, I'm afraid.
At least not funny enough for my show.
What show, Ferguson?
The TV show that I'm going to star in
once I make my mark as a stand-up comic.
If I had my own show,
do you have any idea what I'd make?
Yeah, a lot of people sick.
You know, we comics call people like you, sis.
Okay, I'll bite.
Material.
I'll get it.
Yes, this is Clarissa.
Yes, I am the editor of.
Oh, you mean our advice column, Alice B?
Well, sure I know who writes it.
Oh, sorry, but I can't.
You're Wally Kelp from Groove Magazine.
Of course I've heard of you.
Well, actually, I write it.
Yeah, well, it's sort of a secret, but uh...
Tomorrow?
Sure, why not?
It's a boy genius editor of the magazine called Groove,
and he wants to run my advice column in his magazine.
Wow, that's impressive.
Mom, Groove Magazine is really out there.
It's one of my favorite zines.
Well, congratulations, Clarissa.
I'm sure you will do a terrific job.
Thanks, Mom.
I better get this gensing tea into your father.
Alice B talking?
In the pages of Groove Magazine?
Hmm.
Doing this column might turn out to be the best advice I ever gave myself.
I can't believe I know some D-Wrights for Groove Magazine.
This is so cool.
Let's hope so, Sam.
Hey, here it is.
Dumb boyfriends, stupid teachers, bad hair day.
Right me, I'm Alice and you're not.
But this ad should get lots of great letters.
Listen to what I wrote that girl from Thomas Tupper who had the nose ring question.
How'd you get permission to run the Thomas Tupper letters in Groove anyway?
Oh, I know the editor.
Dear Steele or Brass, why can something as boring as a little nose ring?
I suggest you weld a huge block of cement to the side of your head.
Or if you're not into concrete, how about tattooing your phone number across your forehead?
That way your boyfriend won't forget to call you.
Yours, Alice.
I don't know, Clarissa.
What if she does get a tattoo in the middle of her forehead?
I'm just joking around, Sam.
Besides, who'd be crazy enough to take this stuff seriously anyway?
You never know.
Hey, are you Alice B talking?
Yeah.
Cool.
Delivery from Groove Magazine.
Great, Sam, these must be the letters.
I hope I got enough.
Whoa, wait, there's more.
Oh, bring them in.
Gee, I guess Alice B talking is popular already.
Listen to this.
Dear Alice, I dreamt I was an aunt and now I can't stay away from picnics.
What should I do?
Signed, looking for leftovers.
Here's one.
Dear Alice, when my head itches, my butt sweats.
Does this mean I'm a genius?
So I'm baffled in Boston.
Who said there's no such thing as a stupid question?
Hey kid, how's everybody doing tonight?
Oh, look, my sister's become a bag person.
Get it?
Bag?
Person?
Yeah, I get it.
Was that funny?
What's a matter?
You look like a sad sack.
Get it?
Sad sack?
We get it.
Whoa, the original good humor, man.
I'm just chopping up my improv skills for the talent night next week.
You see, I'm sending out headshots to every TV producer on the coast.
I'm sure they'll be flying in for the show, Ferg.
And boy, will their arms be tired.
How can this guy be so darn funny?
One word, Sam.
Timing.
Speaking of which, I think it's time for Alice to get down to business.
Okay, it's almost midnight.
I spent all day reading these letters and sorting them into piles.
Broken heart.
Hymnful problem.
Family feuds.
Weird.
And too weird.
Let's see where this one goes.
Dear Alice, I'm the one who wrote you before about the nose ring, remember?
Well, I took your advice and got a tattoo.
It's not in my forehead, but it's bad enough.
My boyfriend dumped me because he hates tattoos, and now, so do I.
Maybe you should be more careful next time you give advice, Alice,
be stupid, signed, permanently damaged.
Boy, I can't believe she took me seriously.
I was only kidding.
Yeah, come in.
Yes, of course. Now, you're light on.
Are you getting through all your letters?
Trying to.
So, how's your adoptive pet design coming?
Well, this afternoon, Mrs. Fartle rejected my 14th model.
Other than that, it's going very, very well.
And you?
Well, I just got a letter from a girl who says she took my advice
and it wrecked her life, but besides that, everything is peachy.
Oh, well, tomorrow is another day.
I better get back to work on design number 15.
I think it's going to be a skyscraper.
A huge picture of Mrs. Fartle surrounded by the words,
woman of the year.
That ought to do it.
Do you want a word of advice?
Sure.
Sleep.
I could use it.
Night, Dad.
Good night, sport.
One more letter before God.
Let's hope this one cheers me up.
Oh, no.
Oh, this is bad.
Oh, this is really tough.
What am I going to do?
You ever get to that point and you think it just can't get any worse?
Well, it just got worse.
Who is explaining?
And next, next, after this.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes.
Honey Bunches of Oats.
Just enough for one bowl.
Matt, save me some Honey Bunches of Oats.
Hey, me too.
It's my favorite.
Oh, Matthew.
Yeah, yeah.
Honey Bunches of Oats with crispy flakes of wheat and corn
and crunchy oat bunches.
Your whole family will love it.
Uh-oh.
Is there another box?
Honey Bunches of Oats.
The one cereal your whole family will love.
It's the concert event of the year.
Phil Collins in concert.
Presented exclusively by Sears.
Coming in May.
Right now, all Phil Collins' music is value-priced
at Sears Brand Central.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
Okay.
It was bad enough when my nose ring and vice backfired
and caused steel or brass to get dumped.
Then I got this.
A letter I don't even know how to begin to answer.
It's from some guy called Down and Out in Delaware.
Ready?
Dear Alice.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Those group messengers were here again.
There's more downstairs.
Great.
More letters.
What's the matter?
I don't know if the advice business is for me, Sam.
Maybe I'll call Wellie Kelpin and tell him I'm through.
You're gonna quit?
Are you kidding?
Look, I've already got Miss Nose Ring hating me
because I gave her the wrong advice.
And now?
Listen to this.
Dear Alice.
I don't know what to do.
I'm really depressed.
Not like sad or bummed out.
I mean like in I can't get out of bed
to scrape the gunk off my skateboard wheels.
I'm so depressed.
Like in I don't want to eat, sleep
or put maple syrup in my brother's shampoo.
I'm so depressed.
I tried to talk to my parents
and they just said get over it.
Alice, your advice column is the only thing
that's made me laugh in like a million years.
But it gets harder every day.
Signed Down and Out in Delaware.
Wow.
See what I mean?
Hey, kids.
Clarissa, what are you doing in here?
Just trying out some of the world's greatest jokes.
Listen to this one.
The guy stops me on the street and says
he hasn't had a bite in three days.
So I bit him.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, it was the first time I heard it.
I mean, you've heard it already?
A couple thousand times.
There isn't a joke that can't be improved on.
And that's just what I'll have to do.
Ferguson, you can't teach an old joke new tricks.
Wait and see.
He said he hadn't had a bite in three days,
so I bit him.
So I bit him.
No, no, no.
Ferguson, get out.
So I bit him?
So do you think he's only kidding?
I hope so. His joke's so pretty weak.
No, Down and Out's letter.
Could it be a joke?
It doesn't sound like a joke.
And this guy's not the only guy who needs help.
A lot of these letters are from kids
who don't have anywhere else to go.
They need real answers.
What should I do?
What should I tell him?
I don't know. You're the one with all the advice.
I've got to think of something.
Good luck, Clarissa.
If you get any ideas and you want to talk them over,
give me a call.
Thanks.
Great.
When I do give advice, it backfires.
And now I get a really serious letter
and I don't know what to say.
I guess having opinions isn't the same
as having all the answers.
What do we do?
500 yards in closing.
Admiral, please.
We're talking about the lives of every man
and woman on the ship.
100 yards in closing.
Admiral, what should we do?
I don't know what to say.
Admiral, please, advise.
Advise? Advise?
But I don't know.
We're gonna die.
I don't want to die.
I better figure out what to say to Down and Out
before this whole advice thing blows up in my face.
Jones, we have a very special treat
for you this evening.
Please give a wacky, warm, laugh-sack welcome
to the comedy fowlings of Ferguson W.D.
Hey, thanks for coming.
You know, I've seen better crowds in a football stadium.
But seriously, folks,
how many of you out there have a sibling?
My condolences.
I have a big sister. Please, somebody take her.
I beg of you.
If anything happened to me on the way over here tonight,
the guy stopped me on the street.
He said he hadn't had a bite in three weeks.
So I bought him a ham sandwich.
Oh, you're getting them all wrong.
But seriously, folks,
a guy I know got a call from his doctor.
And Doc said, you have 24 hours to live.
But I should have called you yesterday.
So he dropped dead.
He dropped dead. Getting dead?
Okay.
All right, here's a question for you animal lovers out there.
Why did the turkey cross the road?
Because he thought he was a chicken.
Well, folks, you've been great.
But that's all the time we have for today.
Thanks. Good night. Bye-bye.
Well, what'd you think?
Ferguson, you definitely have a unique sense of humor,
and I mean that.
You just need to find your audience and you'll go far.
Yeah, hopefully very far.
Yeah, good luck a talent night, Ferguson.
Thanks. Thanks.
I'm going to get some of these rehearsals and I think I'll be ready.
Oh, I think you're plenty ready.
Oh, thanks. And by the way, about that cheap shot,
it's all just for laughs.
If only. Love you, babe.
Yeah, I love you.
Well, I'll be in my study working on number 23.
Yes, she is. Of course, that's for you.
Hello? Wally, hi. Thanks for calling me back.
Yeah, I just...
Okay, I'll hold.
He got another call.
I think I need to tighten up those jokes a bit.
Well, let's go get a piece of pie and talk about it, Ferguson.
Very good idea, Mom.
Get it? Berry? Blueberry?
Hi?
Uh-huh. Wally, yeah.
I'm just having a little trouble with...
Okay.
What'd he say?
He got another call.
Yeah. Yeah, I just wanted to ask you,
you know what I should do about this letter.
I got from this guy. He said he's...
Okay.
Yeah, sure. Well, I just wanted to ask...
No, I can handle it. Bye.
Wally isn't going to be much help. He's got too many phone lines.
Phone work.
I don't know what to do, Sam.
I went to the library today and did some research on depression.
It is a huge subject.
And?
And all I know is I'm in over my head.
Maybe I should just tell the out and out to, you know, look on the bright side.
Yeah, and you could send him a Debbie Gibson record and a smiley face button.
Okay?
So maybe I should tell him to run away from home and become a gypsy or something.
Sam, what should I do?
Maybe Alice B. Talking is the one he needs advice.
Maybe I should just forget about this letter.
Can you do that?
No. Someone out there is really depending on me.
I can't let him down.
Yeah.
I wonder if dear Abby has days like this.
First, it's 4 a.m. What are you still doing up?
Oh, just answering a letter.
Hi, Dad.
He's napping.
Oh.
Whiskers?
What's that, Marshall?
Whiskers.
Maybe I'll have whiskers coming out of the front of the building
and they'll be going up and down during business hours.
I'll try that.
I'll bring you another one of my special ginseng shooters in a minute.
I like the cushion attached to his head.
I was worried he'd keel over at the drawing board.
Neat trick.
Well, I don't know about the rest of this family,
but I need to sleep.
Mom, can I ask you something?
Of course.
Do you know anything about being depressed?
Clarissa, are you feeling down?
No, not me.
Someone you know.
Kind of.
See, when I started this advice column,
I thought it'd be really fun.
But then I got a letter from this guy in Delaware
who's so depressed he doesn't want to eat, sleep,
or even get out of bed.
I see.
I'm worried about him.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to say.
Well, what would you tell Samuel or Olivia
if they came to you and said they had a problem like that?
I guess at this point I'd just tell them to go talk
to someone who knows more about it than I do.
Someone who knows what they're talking about.
Well, that's not as outlandish as it seems.
But that's just a cop-out.
Oh, Clarissa, I don't think you can solve
everybody's problems by yourself.
You're telling me.
But you can point them in the right direction.
Yeah.
I can help him get help.
I can tell him where he should go
and maybe even give him a few numbers to call.
That way he'd also know someone out there cares.
Yeah, good advice, Mom.
Now I'm going to make sure he gets some, too.
That's the spirit. Good night, sweetheart.
Night, Mom.
Hey, everybody.
Hi, Dad.
So hot to go.
Ah, Mrs. Fartle loved my model.
I mean, she absolutely loved it, finally.
Oh, that is good news.
Congratulations, Dad.
So which one did she go for?
Well, all of them.
Yeah, I got so disgusted, I just stuck them all together.
Ah, the mystery's of the creative process.
Mom, can I have a ride downtown after lunch?
What for, Ferguson?
Honest, Johnny's used cars for a wheeled deal.
This morning I received a call from a certain gentleman
who happened to see my brilliant act at Talonite.
And he's hired me.
As what, a billboard?
Oh, I'm warming up the crowd at Mr. Johnny's
Big Spring Sales Event.
A little bit of humor attempts to put people in a buying mood.
I'd be happy to give you a ride, Ferguson.
Yeah, knock them dead, kid.
Even Seinfeld had to start somewhere.
So how's everything working out with Alice
to be talking, Ferguson?
So far, so good.
I just got a letter from a lot less down and out
in Delaware.
Looks to me like my advice column is going to do
some good after all.
Well, that's great.
Sport?
Yeah.
Sometimes giving good advice isn't a question
of having all the answers.
Now, you know those newspapers you see
at the supermarket, check out with the bizarre stories.
Well, get ready for the Roundhouse edition.
Even Elvis will shake his pelvis
on an all-new Roundhouse.
Everything melts away the cold,
like a delicious hot bowl of Campbell's soup.
Let it snow, let it snow.
Campbell's.
In Olympic morning, all eyes are on Tommy Higgins.
It's piercing concentration.
Breathe, but will Tommy achieve maximum wingspan?
Let's find out.
Some of the greatest winter games
right in your own backyard.
I trust these moments to anything less than
Kodak film.
Some plays where all is said.
Luisa, eat.
It's kid stuff.
Excuse me.
Help.
Grandma, has an actor.
Perhaps, Tortellini.
Roberto.
Hector Boyardee learned early
to taste changes we grow up.
That's why today, Chef Boyardee
introduces new Tortellini,
firm, plump pasta stuffed with meter cheese
for more grown-up taste.
Thank you, Fabio.
Hi, it's me.
Still me.
Me again.
It's not me.
Okay.
It is me.
Tired of the same old chicken?
Give your taste buds a wake-up call
with shaken, baked, hot, and spicy.
For an exciting taste that's far from the same old thing.
I prefer my coffee smooth.
I like it more robust.
Introducing the new brawn flavor select
with a unique brewing system
that lets you adjust from mild to more robust.
The new brawn flavor select for coffee.
Just the way you like it.
You can hear the ominous sound of mortar fire.
Dave, can you hear me?
This is Bernard Schacht here at B&N Central.
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you, Bernie.
We came to your report late, Dave.
Are you speaking to us from Bosnia,
Somalia, Beirut?
Uh, not all, Bernie.
This is just another typical day
here at Anytown Middle School.
This is just a reminder.
All homeroom teachers, please bring
the latest casualty reports
to Vice Principal Peevy.
Also, while students entering schools today,
must pass through our new security system.
Thank you. Have a nice day.
What do you got in your pocket?
Gun.
Did you say gun?
No, I said gun.
Oh, okay, go on in.
We brought enough for everybody.
Is that an automatic weapon?
Yeah, brother, for career day,
I want to be a postal worker.
I see you brought along
all your appointed rounds.
This little weaponry humor there.
Hey, Principal Bos, what's the deal with this thing?
What you got here is a stain of the art.
Heavy metal detector.
What are you listening to?
Pick a breath!
Just as I thought.
Heavy metal.
Don't you know this stuff
inside violence how to break
this walkman over your head?
Yo, Adam.
What up, G?
I can be not wearing any colors.
Colors?
Yeah, you either got to be
a crud or a gimp.
G.
That's the only two gangs
in this school.
Oh, I'm not either one.
And I don't want to be in a gang.
You've got no choice.
You've got to choose one or the other.
You can't go away.
It's time to play choose.
The games are where you have no choice.
Our contestant today is Adam.
Crud.
What will you do to Adam
if he chooses the gimp?
We'll mess him up, wink.
And gimp.
What if he becomes a crud?
We'll mess him up, wink.
But wait.
What if I don't choose either one?
We'll both kick your butt.
Hey, look, apparently he's calm.
Now, Pretendo brings you
super scary spiders.
The exciting new game
where you try to make it
from school to your house
without being mugged or beaten.
All right.
Give me your sneakers.
How many lives do I get?
Just one.
That's what makes it so exciting.
It's not just a game.
It's your butt.
Made it home.
Hey, Dad.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Sure.
If you can do it during the commercial break.
What's got your drawers
and such a wad?
Well, it's just that there's
so much violence at school all the time.
What is it with kids these days?
Where did he get these ideas?
Conversation on hold.
Here comes the programming.
Welcome to VBS,
the violence broadcasting system
where programming really packs a punch.
Tonight on the home shooting network.
You can't hide from me, Grandma.
Tonight on the A-bomb team.
Where'd I put that dang plutonium fool?
Arson Ha.
We're throwing Molotov cocktails.
That's a how.
Tonight on Northern Explosion.
Boy, it sure is peaceful up here.
I'm Burke Pustlberger
and here are the days highlights in sports.
In baseball, there was a bench clearing brawl.
In hockey, there was a bench clearing brawl.
And in World Chinese Checkers Championships.
Of course, there were a lot of other sports,
but there weren't any really good fights.
So who cares?
Don't miss 357 Magnum PI
and a very special hanging Mr. Cooper.
The first Shirley and Ruben take a violent band
of singing siblings on the road.
In the Carthage family.
Oh, the clock is ticking, Holmes.
Don't let me catch you out tomorrow
without your color.
Well, if I wear the yellow shirt,
the gifts will jump me,
but if I wear the green one,
the clubs will.
What am I going to do to stay in fashion
and in good health?
Try uncertainties
across color T-shirts
for kids who can't choose sides.
Only uncertainties come with a lifetime guarantee.
You're money back if you lose your life
before your shirt.
You little quake.
Oh, my mistake.
I will mess you up.
That's uncertainties from Fruit of the Loot
because they can't kick your butt
when you're sitting on the fence.
Hey, kid.
What you need is someone to watch your butt.
You need the booty guard.
I'm Kevin Costner,
an overpaid star
with all the acting ability
of a piece of pine.
I'll protect you.
Not with that haircut, chump.
I'm a big star.
I was in dances with wolves.
Looks to me like
the wolves have been dancing on your head.
Now, go on home.
Never.
Because I'm a booty guard.
And when you're a booty guard,
there are three rules.
Never let your guard down.
Never let him out of your sight.
And never, never let him see you sweat.
That's from a deodorant commercial.
You twit.
Now, go on.
Get out of here.
The booty guard
coming soon to a playground near you.
Kid pitting.
You can't even go to school
without getting shot at.
Exactly.
School is no place for guns.
Guns.
Guns don't kill people.
Bullets kill people.
Exactly.
School is no place for bullets.
Then again.
Bullets don't kill people.
People kill people.
It's the kids that have the problem.
Exactly.
School is no place for kids.
Hearts of the World.
What are you going to do next?
This new world.
Inside a contemporary sedan,
you'd expect a driver's seat
to be tuned for greater support.
It would recline
and have lumbar adjustments
for even greater comfort.
And in a car this thoughtful,
you might even expect
to find a convenient place
from which to conduct business.
But this interior
can't be found in any car.
A car
just couldn't handle the workload.
New Dodge Ram.
Motor Trend's Truck of the Year.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Shot twice at close range.
But in my line of work
you expect that kind of thing.
I'm a teacher.
I will come in handy,
Mr.
in order to be more in touch
with the street,
our class will focus
on an art form
you're all familiar with.
Spray-painting the gym wall.
You're Ms. Foot Rooker.
I just tagged this wall.
What's up?
Well that's dope, man.
That's the wild style.
And what did you hit up, Holmes?
What do you think?
Ah!
Dude, that's so weak.
You can actually read it.
So you wanted to graffiti
but you're flat out lame.
Now there's help
for the aerosol challenge.
Spray-pain by numbers.
Just fill in the numbered spaces.
And unless you're completely stupid
you'll become
the Botticelli of the Big Brick Canvas.
Hey, feast your eyes
on the spat bomb.
Oh, love.
Yo, check this out.
Spray-pain by numbers.
Turns Vex Vandals
and Happy Hooligans.
Spale bombs sold separately.
Hey you, any kid,
you better choose
or you're bound to lose.
Say, kid,
are you troubled by the violence at school?
Does a bear skip through the woods?
Sounds like you need a panicam.
I'm not into that sort of thing.
I'm talking about the new panicam
from Scarce Stiff,
the life-like decoy that fills your seat
when you gotta hit the street.
And it's ready faster than you could say.
Chicken.
Shit.
Told ya.
Wow!
What a fabulous likeness.
Okay, class.
Now what is the product of zero
and any integer?
Who can tell me?
Absolutely nothing.
Stop your panicking
with the new Scarce Stiff Panicam.
Maybe I'm taking the coward's way out of this.
Maybe I should learn how to protect myself.
Greetings, Ghazhapa.
How was your day at school?
Oh, blind master Moe.
I wish I knew how to defend myself.
Word, Ghazhapa.
I will teach you.
But how can you teach me how to fight?
You're as blind as a bat.
Do you want me to understand, Ghazhapa?
I will teach you the ancient Chinese
author of both thinking your way out of a fight.
The ancient author of Kung Fu.
Teach me your sightless Moe.
As you wish, Ghazhapa.
Try to hit me and I will show you Kung Fu.
I think I see the principal coming.
I have a contagious disease.
I have tautos for lunch and I puke like a hydrant
when I'm punched.
You are truly a master of the bull stench.
This is true, Ghazhapa.
I am full of it.
Someday you too will learn how to stink out of place.
As I do.
Hold up your face.
Then listen up.
I'm farmer Jim.
And if you like my smoked sausages,
then you're going to love my Farmer Jim Noon Chucks.
Finest quality pig butt.
Farmer Jim Noon Chucks give you the protection you need
when you're being picked on at school.
Pack them in your lunch and give those waynees
a big surprise.
These sausages are smokin'.
And don't forget to pick up
some Farmer Jim Ham Grenades.
Self-defense pork products by Farmer Jim.
Pack the lunch that packs a punch.
Pork.
It's the other flight meat.
Word with you, young man.
Understanding? That's the word with you.
Very funny. Principal Bose called and said
that you haven't been to school for two weeks.
Just where have you been going with your books every morning?
Well, I've been hanging out in the park.
Oh, honey. Oh, I am so disappointed in you.
Mom, you don't understand.
It's gotten too dangerous to go to school these days.
Oh.
Oh, well, hey, why don't you talk to the principal?
Surely he can help.
Whatever you say, Mom.
Principal Bose, I'm sorry I haven't been to school lately,
but you got to do something about the gang.
Excuse me, son. Did I just see Vice Principal Pee-Vee go by my office?
Yes, sir.
That lousy gimp? What's he doing on my turf?
That sucker's going down.
Principal Bose, you're a crud.
Word homeboy. Me and my crud brothers, we'd be bad.
Bad.
What?
Today is parents.
Bad parents.
We need to get some discipline.
Stable manners.
Respect your country.
Good oral hygiene.
Kids need to know that parents stand behind them.
100%.
No matter what.
Where's the son of your shoplifting?
I don't know that kid.
Never seen him before in my life.
Who is that guy?
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
And this is MTV's Outhouse of Style, where you're always in the house and never out of style.
Everybody knows the gang look is all the rage.
So here to tell us about his explosive new collection is fashion designer Bill Blast.
Bill, you're a Vietnam vet.
What's it like taking care of animals in Vietnam?
Let's just talk about my fall collection, okay?
My new line is designed for today's trigger happy society.
I call it Bullseye Sportswear.
We strategically place bullseye.
You decide where they aim.
Wear extremities when you want to keep danger away from vital organs.
Black blacks allow you to take the brunt of the blow and the tummy part of your body.
How about this clever sky cap where they just might miss you all together?
Because after all, if they're going to resort to violence, how bright can they be?
And be a hit at school.
This edition of Outhouse was brought to you by Take Cover Girl Makeup and Napalm Olive.
You'll love the smell of it in the morning.
I'm bitter film director Spike Lee.
I've had to claw my way to the top.
That's why I wear Spike Lee press on nails.
They're perfect for slicing through bad reviews,
slicing up people who win awards instead of me,
and opening up a new can of worms at my movies.
It's the nails. It's gotta be the nails.
Come on, baby, baby, please, baby, baby, gotta have them.
So if you do the right thing, do the Spike thing and get Spike Lee press on nails.
Peace.
I wish I could. I've got target practice.
Who wants guns?
I do, I do.
Introducing violent sugarless guns.
Recommended by four out of five people who use guns.
Won't stick to most criminal records.
Shoot with your mouth closed.
So remember, for pure shooting satisfaction,
try violent and sugarless, tasteless and pointless.
And now AK Mart offers the newest and personal safety devices.
Just watch this drama sensation.
Up against the wall.
And give me all your money.
I'll give you this.
Again, with Gondraware, it's the ultimate and conceals weaponry.
With Gondraware, no one can squeeze one off faster than you can.
More than just your weapon.
On Junior Concentrate.
The ski shooting match is this Friday.
Okay, dad, push, son.
Seeing the other kids.
Everybody else at school has a gun.
I'm not gonna carry one.
Me neither.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that feels that way.
Listen, maybe if enough of us got together, we can...
Attention, SIDS.
This is an under fire drill.
Handle it, duck and cover.
For actual gunfire and not a harmless sound effect,
what would we do next?
Uh, Thomas.
Stay low.
That's right.
There's less smoke down there and fewer harmful ricochets.
What else?
Uh, Barbara?
Running a zigzag makes you a more difficult target.
Excellent.
And remember, class, what is our motto?
The class!
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
We're gonna get you a new butt.
Today, there wouldn't be all this violence in the schools
that the teachers were allowed to discipline.
You betcha, Boots.
Titling was good enough for us.
It's good enough for them.
You put a sting on a kid's butt and you'll get through to his head.
It stays bleeding hard.
Think it'll warp their psyches a little bit.
Psyches.
We never had psyches when we were kids.
We never missed them.
We're allowed to knock the snot out of them.
He's white.
He's blonde.
He's middle class.
He's got pipes ever to half the 40-ounter.
He's Dennis the Menace to Society.
Hey, Mr. Power!
This is the Menace to Society.
This boy's in the hood and he's up to no good.
Dad, all this violence has got me really scared.
Well, you know, son, I don't like to talk about it,
but I'm most strange at violence myself.
It was a long time ago.
I was just a kid.
It was night.
We were riding by another kid's house
when I stuck it out the window.
And then...
I just remember the sound of it going off.
The way the car shook.
The way that kid was standing there one minute,
and then he was blasting across the yard the next.
Dad, you mean you were involved in a...
That's right, son. Drive by pooting.
Ah!
Too much potato salad and red beans.
I don't know.
But I swear, it went off accidentally.
Touching story, Dad.
Listen, do you think I could go to another school?
No way.
They need me to have to move.
Mom, I don't know what to do about this gangsta.
Oh, gosh, honey, I don't know.
I'm just a TV mom.
I mean, this is a real problem in the real world.
If you had a zit on the end of your nose,
I could bake you some cookies
and we could talk about how beautiful you are inside.
But this, I don't know.
Well, I feel like kind of a wuss if I don't join the gang.
Well, mind you, this is coming from a graduate
of the June Cleaver School of Advice.
But it seems to me that if you're surrounded by violence,
take more courage not to be a part of it.
Thanks, June. I mean, Mom.
Now, how about them cookies?
Bad dreams. What a relief.
Now I can go to school in peace.
Yo, Adam, what up, G?
Not much. Just wait for classes to start.
How come you're not wearing your colors?
Colors?
Yeah, you either got to be a crud or a gimp.
G.
See, those are the only two gangs in this school.
We're free to theme song and roll the credits.
Do you smell what I smell?
Is it old socks? Is it rapid milk?
Wait, I know.
That's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal, Ren.
That means Ren and Stimpy is next.
Oh, I snick for joy.
That was at my grandma's house.
I had some Kellogg's Frosted Mini Wheats.
And now she's telling me what he's the smartest at whip.
Why, he's even eating a nutritious cereal
that's majorly known as Frosted.
This stuff is mega.
Dive for him. All that whole grain wheat.
Kellogg's Frosted Mini Wheats are an excellent part of this complete breakfast.
Everyone should have a grandson as well-behaved as mine.
With a Nintendo Star Fox light cap,
you can think like a fox.
A Fox McLeod.
There's 350 and two proofs from Kellogg's Frosted Mini Wheats.
Just call me Fox.
What will I be like with our inventions made by black Americans?
There'd be no gas mask.
The gas mask invented by Garrett Morgan.
And that's just another reason why black history is your history.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
We interrupt this program for a special report.
This is ace reporter, Ren Hoech.
Quick! Here in Times Square to have a word with our returning boys.
Ah, here's one now.
Excuse me, Mr. Horse.
That's Private Horse, civilian.
Tell me Private Horse, how does it feel to be home?
Hmm, good. Mighty good.
Yes sir, I think America is the greatest country in the world.
Yes sir, I like it.
How do you feel about the President's decisions during this terrible crisis?
President? Gotta know about the President, eh?
Alright, that's the way it is.
I think the President did what he had to do.
A lot of people suffered, including me.
But I would have done the same thing had I been in his hooves.
Yes sir, I would.
It's our duty to make America a safe place for our kids to graze in.
Say, who's this pretty lady? Is that your fiancee?
No, it's my sheep.
Well, there you have it, straight from the horse's mouth.
I'm Ren Hoek, ace reporter.
I just love to hear from our fans. Don't you, Stampy?
Eh, yeah, Ren.
Hey, listen to this one.
It's from little Anthony.
He says, dear Ren and Stampy,
I hope you can visit us in our country.
The United States of America and please bring your costumes.
Sign Anthony.
What do you say, Ren?
Sure thing, pal.
Enjoy.
Happy.
We better kiss the wives goodbye.
We're off to America.
Ren and Stampy, mom.
Well, we'll have to ask your father.
But it's all right with me.
Now, it's so much fun together.
Let's see.
Stampy, laughing person?
You guys are so funny.
Will you do that thing where your eyes bug out
and veins fill up on him
and you look all ugly and everything?
Wise up, kid.
That's a trick.
It's done with puppets and stew meat.
Ren, at least give it a try.
He loves you.
Okay, kid, watch.
I'll show you the secret.
Hey, it's my turn.
You guys are my best friends.
Let's never go to sleep.
Never go to sleep.
You're hyperventilating.
Oh, my poor baby.
What did I do to you?
Shame on you.
What? What?
What did we do?
You're destroying his youthful fantasies.
I hope for your sake.
Father doesn't find out about this.
My word.
People.
Let's get something straight here.
I don't like you.
I don't like cartoons.
You're here for one reason.
My son, Anthony, likes you.
And as long as you're good to my boy,
you can stay.
But if you do anything
to destroy his beliefs
or harm him
in any way,
so help me.
Excuse me.
Don't you even put that picture in my head.
Do we understand each other?
We understand very well.
Yes, son.
And Stimpy, come out and play.
Oh, yes, son.
You should play with your swell new friends.
Remember what I said.
Who's your new friends, Anthony?
Look, Victor, don't you recognize them?
It's Renee Stimpy.
The famous cartoon star.
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
You're not Ren Hoek.
You're not even a Chihuahua.
You're some kind of deformed mosquito or something.
Don't talk to me like that.
I'm a Hollywood big shot.
Oh, yeah?
I'll twist your head.
Oh, oh, and I suppose you're Stimpy,
the stupid cat.
Here, I'll give you something you'll really like.
Joy? Joy?
Like I even believe a fart like you would be friends with Ren and Stimpy.
Next time I see you kids, you're dead meat.
Nice going, son.
Friends, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
We'll have each critical level.
That's right.
I'm Mr. Bucky.
Pull your balls in my top.
Out of my mouth.
I will pop up Mr. Bucky.
We're all going to run, I'm Mr. Bucky.
The game is Mr. Bucky.
The first to get their balls in and Mr. Bucky wins.
But look out,
because the balls will pop out of his mouth.
I'm Mr. Bucky.
The balls will fall in my mouth.
The balls, what I'm about.
I'm Mr. Bucky.
We're all going to run, I'm Mr. Bucky.
Mr. Bucket from Milton Bradley.
If kids liked Mira Run in the world,
I'd finally have my own room
And no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head
when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack,
I'll just go downstairs because I'm having a Mickey D's
that's on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy
whenever we want.
Jonathan, Edward Moore, pipe down or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
It could happen.
A low sugar do the right thing.
It's a good thing.
There's Cheerios.
Nutritious, delicious.
Road ain't one thing.
It's a good thing.
There's Cheerios.
Just when you thought you'd gotten
every last thing out of your Cheerios box,
we threw in a pizza.
Free.
A Totino's party pizza.
It's easy. Cut out the coupon
and next time carry out a free pizza.
You're getting very greedy.
You are me, Wario.
You're very handsome.
You have a many, many powers.
Plunder and pillage pirates treasure.
Bag of a billion coins.
Find me a castle bigger than Mario's.
Peace after me.
I'm the bad guy in Wario Land,
Super Mario Land 3.
Where being bad is good and greed is good.
I'm gonna get it on Game Boy.
Greedy.
I think one reason
people who are different don't get along
is that they don't know how to start.
If each person learned how to say hello
in a different language,
it would be a great start.
It's the best way to start a conversation.
Peace be upon you.
Prejudice is when you don't talk to someone.
Just because you're different.
Peace be upon you.
For Black History Month,
we have a show of dance theater Harlem
about the heroes of Black History.
Rosa Parks because she really fought for her right.
When Rosa Parks was on the bus,
they told her to get up and move to the back.
But since all the seats in the front were taken,
they went to the back and they wanted her to get up.
But she didn't want to get up
so they arrested her.
I think Rosa Parks is a Black hero.
Learn more about Black Heroes
because Black History
is a part of everyone's history.
And now,
back to the glow of the Rennan Stimpy Show.
It's hyperventilating again.
Come on, kid.
Snap out of it.
What's all the commotion?
No.
Snap out of it, I tell you.
Get off.
Get off, my son.
Oh, Anthony.
My beloved child.
No.
I know I strayed from your path.
And maybe I don't go to church often enough.
But you know I'm a good man.
I don't ask for much.
But I'm asking for this one thing.
Please.
Don't take my boy from me.
Give him a couple more good weeks.
I didn't do it, man.
All right, you two.
You march into the house.
Meet me in the den.
You're gonna be all right, boy.
Just take it easy.
Be brave with me.
Hush now.
Daddy, we'll make them pay.
You guys are big shots.
Shots from Hollywood.
Is that what makes you feel big?
Pushing little boys around?
You feel like big men playing with little boys' feelings, huh?
You Hollywood types make me sick.
You think because you come from Hollywood
you can push decent people around.
People who work for a living.
I work my fingers to the bone
to feed my wife and my boy, Anthony.
Anthony, you've got to pull through.
I bet you, woossies,
never worked a stinking day
in your stinking little lives.
Show me your hands.
Just as I thought.
Soft as a baby's head.
Well, look at these hands.
These are the hands of a working man.
What do you ever do for society anyway?
Just what do you do to earn your keep?
Well, we make people laugh.
Real hard work.
Making people laugh.
Did you go to school to make people laugh?
Listen, I make people laugh, too.
But nobody gives me money.
You want to hear a joke?
Well, I'll tell you a joke.
And you're gonna laugh.
All right.
Here's the joke.
You ready?
Why did they bury the fireman?
Behind the hill.
Come on, funny guys, huh?
Why?
No, I've been burying the fireman behind the hill.
I'll tell you why.
Because he was dead.
That's pretty good, huh, Ren?
Maybe we can use that.
All right, funny guys.
I want to know something.
I just want to know one thing.
So what makes you guys move, anyway?
It's the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Do it again.
Hey, honey, bring Anthony in here.
You gotta see this.
Hey, funny guys, do it again for my boy.
My goodness, that is funny.
I really love those guys.
Today we're at the UN for a global summit
to discuss the current world crisis.
Today's residing chairman is Mr. Horse.
Mr. Horse.
Today we face a world crisis.
Yet, while initial indications would suggest a political backwash
that characterizes the devastating brouhaha we face today,
your administration has refused to budge on these compromise proposals.
Nevertheless, many believe a relief effort
emphasizing the urgency of the situation
would serve as sort of a catalyst during a slow global upswing.
Foreign interests may be moderately optimistic,
but superpower co-sponsors have left a generally negative impression
in the way of political failure.
Well, Mr. Horse, what I'm getting at is
just what is your opinion of the world situation today?
Hmm...
No, sir, he doesn't like it.
Thank you, Mr. Horse.
I drink soda, and I eat Rocky Road ice cream.
He pulls up on the couch with all his potato chips and stuff.
We just sit together and I go, I don't even like this.
There's more snickering next.
Confused about dating?
Relax. Clarissa explains it all in her new home video.
Consider the blind date.
You set me up with a Milton?
Is Clarissa headed for...
Blind date from hell!
Surprise, Barbie.
Anything you love to do, just open the locket
and dip into the fun.
This lipstick and blush you'll look so great when you're done.
Can be used with some Barbie fashions.
You think this is a crash? That's not a crash.
You want a crash? We'll give you a crash.
Introducing Upper Decks Crash the Card Sweepstakes.
The grand prize winner will meet Ken Griffey
and appear on his 95 baseball card.
Just look for info on this and over a million other prizes
on packages of Upper Decks New Collector's Choice Baseball Cards.
Many will enter.
Few will win.
Fundamental.
Mando Mando.
Is it big on taste?
Squeezers.
Our new adventure cruncher.
Make-up Beauty.
I'm gonna make you beautiful.
Cool, baby.
Make-up Beauty.
Make-up Beauty comes with her own skirt,
make-up crayons and comb, each sold separately.
Are you hip to these?
I'm in the know.
Cause here's where evil men is born made to go.
In your mouth.
Who needs a plate?
Cause they're made to put your face.
In your mouth.
Cause they're made to make a yum.
Make-up Beauty.
Show them how it's done.
In your mouth.
Moving over town.
Give them all you got.
Where's it gonna stop?
In your mouth.
Trouble for size.
Make-up Beauty.
Open wide.
Don't play with your ego.
I'm far out.
Make-up Beauty.
The Waffles.
In your mouth.
Make-up Beauty.
Part of this complete breakfast.
That's made you fit.
In your mouth.
How wild is the taste of Hershey's cookies and mint?
The mouth-watering combination of crunchy cookie bits
and lightly minted Hershey's chocolate is outrageous.
It's the coolest Hershey bar so far.
What will I be like without inventions made by black Americans?
You'd have no stoplights.
The Stoplight.
Invented by Garrett Morgan.
And that's just another reason why black history is your history.
Back here, little toad.
Yo, slow down, chief.
You stole my ock.
Your what?
My ock.
What's an ock?
Back off, Godzilla, and I'll show you.
That's it.
You stole it out of my private drawer.
Thank you.
Now, why did you take it?
It's an ock.
You should have asked.
You're always taking my stuff.
Tucker, ask him.
Can I borrow your ock?
Don't make this any harder.
Oh.
All right.
Thank you.
I need the ock because it's an ancient symbol everybody knows.
It means life.
My story's full of ancient symbols.
But you have to know how to read them.
Like the ock.
It means life.
And that's good.
But you have to be careful.
Because sometimes life could be far worse than anything you can imagine.
Including death.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story.
The Tale of the Guardian's Curse.
Right through here.
That's where it's supposed to go.
You're right.
It's not supposed to be a wall here.
What is that thing?
Sweet.
Yeah, it looks like it's from Egypt or something here.
Some kind of tool.
Ain't these things supposed to have curses on them or something, huh?
Get out of here.
You watched too many movies.
I think we better call someone on this.
Funny.
It doesn't look like Mount Snowbird to me.
Where do we buy our lift tickets?
Five minutes, no more.
Dad, we're really gone this time, right?
No last-minute emergencies.
Just a quick peek, then we're off to the mountains for a whole week.
Promise.
He lies.
Josh and Cleo, Dugan's mom, died when they were little.
So they were brought up by their dad, the professor.
That chick.
He tried hard to be a good father.
But unfortunately, he knew more about ancient stuff
than about taking care of kids.
Professor Dugan, Professor Dugan, this is amazing.
In all my years.
I'm on vacation, Dr. Capels.
We have five minutes and I'm gone.
I believe you'll think twice when you see what we've got.
Vacations come and go, but a find like this happens once in a lifetime.
And it was here all the time, right under our noses.
My God, where did you find it?
It was hidden behind a false wall.
Must have been sealed there for decades.
Unless I'm mistaken.
It's from the Egyptian temple of light that was robbed in 1921.
Yes, quite.
We have to get this to my lab now.
You know what this means, right?
Yeah.
No vacation, no skiing, no life.
I'll create an entire Egyptian exhibit around it.
The publicity alone will increase donations to the museum temple.
Another vacation, trashed.
August 21st, 1921.
The archaeological community was shocked to discover
that the newly unearthed temple of light
was ransacked last evening
with most of its ancient treasure stolen.
The Egyptian authorities are going to go ballistic
when they find out it's been in the museum all this time.
You mean that the guard didn't leave gutter?
It was a goddess.
The ancient Egyptians believed that she used her ring of eternity
to bring forth life from the earth every spring.
She should have used the ring on herself.
Maybe she wouldn't be stuck in this old box.
But there was two sides to the legend.
Mina was a beneficent but vindictive.
She supposedly had the power to turn her enemies into stone.
What do you care about this?
Help me quickly.
There she is. Mina, the guardian.
Don't feed him. Maybe we can starve him out of there.
Yeah, I doubt it.
Just because he doesn't have a life doesn't mean he can ruin ours.
It's important. It's like historic.
Oh, yeah. Like the important monkey bone
that nuked our vacation last year.
Or the time he left us alone for Christmas
to see some old pot somebody dug up.
What can I say? He lives to work.
He needs it.
What he needs is a girlfriend.
Showtime!
Look at this.
I managed to translate some markings on the sarcophagus.
Apparently there were blood sacrifices
made to Mina to ensure a fruitful harvest.
Yuck.
Then I found this.
Uh, yes.
The legend of the ring of eternity was widely known,
but there's also mention of an elixir of life.
The elixir brings life.
The ring brings eternity.
Wow. I'm totally blown away.
There's also mention of a curse.
Really?
The guardian's curse.
Well, it was fairly standard,
but the ancients always threatened horrible death
and torture to those who disturbed their tombs.
Which is exactly what we did.
That's swell.
I need you guys to get back to the museum
and pick up that new set of photos.
Um, my ester set of keys are in the kitchen.
Uh, Dad, does this officially mean the vacation's off?
Hmm?
Bingo.
We'll get the pictures.
Josh, Cleo, I'm sorry, kids. You know, it's just that...
It's okay, Dad. We know.
Nick, would you?
Why? He doesn't give us any points.
We only get a couple of school vacations a year
and we get dumped on because of...
that yuck.
It's his work, Josh.
And what about us?
I mean, we don't rate. We're here. We're alive.
I mean, that thing is...
I don't know what that thing is, but it's really gross.
We'll go skiing next time.
Next time is all we ever get.
Oops.
I can't believe he missed this.
Don't touch it. There's a curse.
It's an ink.
The symbol of life.
Oh, we've got to show Dad...
I better carry this.
I can take it.
It's safer with me.
I can do it, Josh.
I'm not picking it up.
You take the ring. I'll take the vial.
Don't drop it.
Nick, Tommy's right.
When the names go in the paper, remember, I made the discovery.
Um, wait. Um, we forgot the pictures.
I could, like, go down in history.
Babes love fame.
I could... Cleo?
What?
Cleo?
What are you...
Three with mail and con on markboxes of pebbles.
Double dragon.
Twin brothers with a secret identity and legendary powers.
Billy and Jimmy Lee,
united against the evil prime boss Shadow Master.
The twins wait on their sight to stop him.
Metro city will be mine.
Take the punch, Shadow Master.
The power of the dragon.
The secret of twin masters.
Double dragon.
Figures and double dragon cycles sold separately.
Don't help reach critical level.
Now, the sneaking begins again with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Dad!
Eternity.
I've got to go to the museum after all.
Sorry, I love you, Dad.
He must have split before all this happened.
You don't think it was.
We've got to get Dad.
The window!
He's not here.
It's the curse.
Oh, man, it's the curse.
Get out of here, that stuff is made up.
Oh, yeah?
Does this look made up to you?
It's real, Cleo, just like the legend said.
No way.
What about that bottle you're carrying around?
That's real, too.
And where's the mummy?
I don't believe it.
No.
It's gone, Cleo.
What are you saying?
That a 10,000-year-old mummy just hopped off the table and...
Yeah.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Don't get Ross down here.
The fire exit on the other side.
A nasty smell.
Steffy, it's locked.
How can they lock a fire door?
What is that smell?
There's...no!
A chair on the door.
What's your hat?
Are you okay?
I think so.
What is going on?
Hold on.
I think you're about to sleep yourself.
Dr. Capelsman?
Look out!
The mummy's on the loose!
I don't think so.
What exactly is going on, doctor?
Your children have something I want.
What?
I don't understand.
Well, then, you're not as astute as I thought.
I want the ring of eternity.
I didn't find the ring.
No.
But your children did.
I thought you had discovered the ring, professor.
And I wasn't about to let it be claimed by the Egyptian authorities
when it was so near my grasp.
I searched your home.
Dad!
As it turns out,
your children are more clever than you.
I've got to go to the museum after all.
Sorry, I love you, Dad.
Knowing your plans,
I hurried back here before your children arrived.
And so now here we stand.
How if you would be so kind as to hand me that ring?
You're not thinking?
Oh, yes.
I intend to use that ring for myself.
Now give it to me!
I wouldn't, if I were you, professor.
That odor you smell is kerosene.
I've soaked most of these crates one touch of this torch,
and this museum becomes a furnace.
You wouldn't want to take that risk.
I say we give it to him.
I have to think.
There's nothing to think about.
We've got to do it.
Josh, give him the ring.
What about?
Just give him the ring, understand?
Good boy.
Now, slide it over here.
Come on, come on.
Let them go.
I'm afraid I can't do that, professor.
I'm sure you'd go right to the authorities.
I can't have them track me for the rest of eternity now.
Can I?
Don't do it, doctor, please.
At least let us see if the ring works.
Why not?
Behold, you are now gazing at an immortal.
What's this?
You can't move.
Save and a beauty.
Incredible.
I guess he got what he wanted after all.
Immortality.
Very clever, little sister.
Excuse me?
The translations, as I said, the ring brings eternity.
The elixir brings life.
He knew he had the ring, but he didn't know he had this.
The elixir? It's real.
Um, we forgot to tell you, Dad, the mummy's missing.
What? My God, it's alive.
It sure brings life.
The ring brings eternity.
I don't!
She likes to ski.
So the true guardian's curse was immortality.
And Dr. Capal Smith was the final victim.
The end.
See, wasn't that worth letting him borrow it?
I guess the story was pretty good.
Hey, the little toe still has my arc.
Tucker.
What's up for tonight?
What nicks nicks again next week?
It'll be nico-rific.
Nec-tastic.
Look at you.
It'll be...
So make sure you're here every Saturday night
when your clock strikes.
There.